System Overview
	The ESPA system is comprised of several types of nodes.  

	There is a user interface node, which must house a working Apache HTTPD server 
	with either mod_python or mod_wsgi installed, and must also have Django 1.2 installed.

	The database node must have a working copy of MySQL 5.x with a user defined 'espa'.

	The Hadoop Namenode and Hadoop TaskTracker nodes must have Apache Hadoop installed, naturally.

	Processing nodes must have Apache Hadoop installed as well as any science processing software,
	such as LEDAPS.

	The overall system flow is as follows.   
	A user request is submitted through the user interface whereby the request details 
	(requested scenes plus email address) are persisted to the database.
	
	A timed job (on the UI node) checks the Landsat online cache for scene availability and pulls 
	all available requested scenes from the cache to HDFS then updates the database accordingly.  Any
	scenes that were not available on the cache immediately are ordered through the TRAM MassLoader
	SOAP service.  The said timed job will periodically check the online cache to determine when the 
	ordered scenes are available.

	Once all requested scenes for an order are in HDFS, the UI node will submit the job to Hadoop's MapReduce
	engine, which takes care of distributing the individual scenes to available processing nodes.  Once completed,
	each processing node will store the finished scene back to HDFS and will notifiy the UI layer that it is 
	done.

	The UI layer will then move the files to the final distribution point (i.e. Landsat Web Server), update the 
	database, send the requesting user an email, and finally clean up HDFS.

	After a configured period of time (right now 14 days) the UI layer will also purge scenes from the Landsat Web
	Server to maintain adequate storage space for new orders.

Dependencies (All nodes)
	64 bit Linux
	Python 2.7
	Java JDK 1.6
	Apache Hadoop (HDFS + MapReduce)
	Python Libraries:
	pycrypto 1.9+ (SSH)
	suds 0.4 (sor soap)
	paramiko (for ssh)
	

Dependencies (NameNode and TaskTracker)
	Apache 2.x Web Server
	MySQL 5.x Database
	Django 1.3
	mod_python or mod_wsgi

Dependencies (Processing Nodes)
	LEDAPS executables
		Must be located at /usr/local/bin/ledaps (will be installed here by default)
	LEDAPS ancillary data
		Must be located by system environment variable ANC_PATH 
		(Will be installed to /usr/local/var/ledaps/anc by default)
